Referral is another important channel.
In Google Analytics, it captures the traffic that comes
to the site by clicking on a link in another website.
As a website owner or marketer,
you may know of some of the links that are out there,
because they may be a result of a deal where
you asked another website owner to set up a link for you,
or you may have asked a blogger to write about you and insert a link.
There may also be PR related stories that carry a link to your site.
But there are often links out there that you don't know about.
Someone may have included your website in a story or as a helpful link on their website.
In this referral report,
you can take a closer look at the traffic that comes in through all of these links.
It gives you a sense of the links that exist. Let's take a look.
The detail in the Referral Report shows you the links you're getting the traffic from.
In this case, you can see that other Google domains are sending traffic to the store.
That's not really a surprise.
You can also see this Google Analytics Domain here as a referral.
That's because of students like you who click on the embedded links in
this Google Analytics account to see the underlying web pages in the store.
This is an interesting external domain, siliconvalley.about.com.
Let's check out what that is.
It looks like there are two pages in
this domain that have a link to the merchandise store.
Let's click on the first one here,
and look at what this really is.
Looks like it's some advice on touring the Googleplex,
the Google Campus, and a reference on souvenirs you can pick up while you are there.
Two hundred and sixty four sessions resulted from the links this website put up.
This gives you a glimpse at the power of referrals.